docs: add react 19+ example, update React wrapper example, and remove @esri/calcite-components-angular reference (#13936)
Esri/calcite-components: examples/components/react-19-and-above/README.md

# React 19+ and TypeScript

[![Open in StackBlitz](https://developer.stackblitz.com/img/open_in_stackblitz.svg)](https://stackblitz.com/github/esri/calcite-design-system/tree/dev/examples/components/react-19-and-above?file=README.md)

This example was bootstrapped with [Vite](https://vitejs.dev/guide/#scaffolding-your-first-vite-project). The example uses [`@esri/calcite-components`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@esri/calcite-components).

To install dependencies and start the development server, run:

```sh
npm install
npm run dev
```

## Developer info

To install `@esri/calcite-components`, run:

```sh
npm install @esri/calcite-components
```

### Setup components

> By default, Calcite components use assets hosted on a CDN. If you are hosting assets locally, you can import and use `setAssetPath`. This ensures that translations, icons, and other required assets are available to Calcite components. (More on copying assets below.)

Reviewer: Some copyedits and recommend removal of the parenthesis since the snippet below showcases `setAssetPath`:

```suggestion
By default, Calcite components use assets hosted on a CDN. If you are hosting assets locally, you can copy your assets to a project directory and set the asset path in your app with `setAssetPath`. This ensures that translations, icons, and other required assets are available to Calcite components:
```
